Battle of Skye

Combined Imperial / Caledonian Star Navy action to suppress a pirate base 
in the Skye System (Reavers' Dee p2018) positioned to strike at the 
Spinward edge of Dulinor's Safe Zone in the Deep as well as targets of 
opportunity agianst the Principality of Caledon. The entire action took
place from 172-1123 through 197-1123, involving half of ImpCruRon 227 and
elements of CSN Flotilla 3, under Caledonian operational command. Three 
pirate asteroid strongholds were detected and captured, one mostly intact. 
Allied losses were 23%, including CSN Starfire on 191-1123.
                                                            
CSN Starfire, a Caledonian Patrol Corvette, engaged the third discovered 
pirate outpost unsupported for 3 hours, until INS Jonas Scolaro, a 
Gionetti Class light cruiser, could get into range. Starfire was too badly
damaged to return to Victory Naval Base (Reavers' Deep 2017), and was
retired with honors.

The crew of Starfire was highly honored by the Caledonian Space Navy, 
including the awarding of 7 Andrew Crosses (5 of them posthumous), several 
Meritorious Conduct Under Fire citations, and the Monarch's Thanks. The 
Starstrike's XO, Cmdr Will Carter, one of the postumous awardees of the 
Andrew Cross, will be remembered by having the newest building of the Royal 
Naval Academy on Caledon named for him. Carter Hall will be used for 
classrooms, including the new Advanced Tactical Studies course under
developement. It was also announced that the name Starfire shall be removed 
from the list of Patrol Corvettes and become the class ship of the latest 
generation of Strike Cruisers now under developement at Victory Yards.
