HISTORY ­ Solomani colonists settled Lahti during the ending years of the 
Rule of Man.  Lahti retained starflight during the Long Night and sent ships 
to surrounding worlds. Those worlds however remained independent as the 
years went by. Hiver Federation contacts in the early years of the distant 
Third Imperium helped keep Lahti¹s technology level at the highest for this 
part of the subsector. A few Vilani settlers traveled to the planet in later 
years as word of the governmental view traveled across known space. Now the 
planet is an active trading partner in the subsector. The planet exports 
varying types of products.

GOVERNMENT Lahti is ruled by the Society for a Rational Spirit. The 
government strictly prohibits other organized religions. All persons working 
in large organizations such as corporations and the military are expected to 
be practicing members. The government sponsors a sizable Naval and marine 
force. A highport Naval base orbits near the highport area of the starport. 
There is also a naval base on the planet Lahti I Epsilon. The navy has three 
light cruisers of around 17,000 tons of Solomani design. The other ships are 
patrol cruisers, fighters, close escorts and SDB¹s. The government has 
extremely poor relations with the Droyne in the subsector since the Droyne 
failed to respond to a Lahtian merchant¹s ship¹s distress call two years 
ago.

ATOMSPEHERE ­ The atmosphere is tainted by thick smog and filter masks must 
be worn outside. Years of uncontrolled burning of hydrocarbons led to the 
thick smog.

POPULATION ­ The population lives in extended urban areas and 2 orbital 
cities. The capital city of the planet is Sego with a population of 
500,000,000. Several of the other major cities are Logan, Nice, Turin and 
Newago. Coastal communities support the capture of fish and the mountain 
ranges are the locations of ore mines including uranium and magnesium and 
coalmines.

CULTURE ­ Pregnant women are not allowed to eat meat or fish products and 
Women who commit crimes are forced to have numbers tattooed on their right 
forearms and the data entered into a planetary database. These women are 
forbidden to enter the military or work in large corporations.
Despite the overall conservative culture of Lahti, the planet trades in 
substantial portions with the Hiver worlds to trailing.  The Hive Federation 
has a trade compound on the capital city, Sego.
